the first book of Moses called Genesis
in the beginning God created the heavens
and the earth the earth was without form
and void and darkness was on the face of
the deep and the Spirit of God was
hovering over the face of the waters
then God said let there be light
and there was light and God saw the
light that it was good and God divided
the light from the darkness God called
the light day and the darkness he called
night so the evening and the morning
were the first day let there be a
firmament in the midst of the waters and
let it divide the waters from the waters
thus God made the firmament and divided
the waters which were under the
firmament from the waters which were
above the firmament and it was so and
God called the firmament heaven so the
evening and the morning were the second
day
let the waters under the heavens be
gathered together in one place and let
the dry land appear
and it was served and God called the dry
land earth and the gathering together of
the waters he called seas and God saw
that it was good
let the earth bring forth grass the herb
that yields seed and the fruit tree that
yields fruit according to its kind whose
seed is in itself on the earth and it
was so and the earth brought forth grass
the herb that yields seed according to
its kind and the tree that yields fruit
whose seed is in itself according to its
kind and God saw that it was good so the
evening in the morning were the third
day let there be lights in the firmament
of the heaven to divide the day from the
night and let them be for signs and
seasons and for days and years and let
them be for lights in the firmament of
the heavens to give light on the earth
and it was so
then God made two great lights the
greater light to rule the day and the
lesser light to rule the night he made
the stars also God set them in the
firmament of the heavens to give light
on the earth and to rule over the day
and over the night and to divide the
light from the darkness and God saw that
it was good so the evening and the
morning were the fourth day let the
waters are bound with an abundance of
living creatures and let birds fly above
the earth across the face of the
firmament of the heavens
so God created great sea creatures and
every living thing that moves with which
the waters are bounded according to
their kind
[Music]
every winged bird according to its kind
and God saw that it was good and God
bless them be fruitful and multiply and
fill the waters in the seas and let
Birds multiply on the earth so the
evening and the morning were the fifth
day let the earth bring forth the living
creature according to its kind cattle
and creeping thing and beast of the
earth each according to its bond and it
was so and God made the beasts of the
earth according to its kind cattle
according to its kind and everything
that creeps on the earth according to
its kind and God saw that it was good
let us make man in our image according
to our likeness let them have dominion
over the fish of the sea over the birds
of the air and over the cattle over all
the earth
and over every creeping thing that
creeps on the earth so God created man
in his own image in the image of God he
created him male and female he created
them then God blessed be fruitful and
multiply fill the earth and subdue it
have dominion over the fish of the sea
over the birds of the air and over every
living thing that moves on the earth see
I have given you every herb that yields
seed which is on the face of all the
earth and every tree whose fruit yields
seed to you it shall be for food
also to every beast of the earth to
every bird of the air and to everything
that creeps on the earth in which there
is life I have given every green herb
for fluid and it was so then God saw
everything that he had made and indeed
it was very good so the evening and the
morning were the sixth day
[Music]